Flutter SR documentation for initial preview release. (#31673)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/rum/session_replay/setup_and_configuration.mdoc.md

{% /if %}
<!-- end React Native -->

<!-- Flutter -->
{% if equals($platform, "flutter") %}

{% alert level="warning" %}
Datadog Session Replay for Flutter is currently in Preview.
{% /alert %}

All Session Replay SDK versions can be found in [Pub][29].

To set up Datadog Session Replay for Flutter:

> 1. Make sure yout've [set up and initialized the Datadog Flutter Plugin][28].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have [set up and initialized the Datadog Flutter Plugin][28].
```

{% /if %}
<!-- end React Native -->

<!-- Flutter -->
{% if equals($platform, "flutter") %}

> Set the SDKs verbosity to `CoreLoggerLevel.debub` before you initialize the SDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the SDKs verbosity to `CoreLoggerLevel.debug` before you initialize the SDK:
```
